dkfz_dockered_workflows/README.md, before:

# Developers - Building the Image

You need to build this Docker container since it contains restricted access code.  A pre-created version currently can't be found on DockerHub due to this limitation.

## Dependency Bundles

You need to download two controlled access bundles in order to build

Contains a dockerfile and several helper scripts to build and run the DKFZ workflows.

The Roddy binary is located in GNOS:
https://gtrepo-dkfz.annailabs.com/cghub/data/analysis/download/c8101044-89bf-445a-892e-1f3ae8c7cc98

The DKFZ dependency bundle is also located in GNOS:
https://gtrepo-dkfz.annailabs.com/cghub/data/analysis/download/32749c9f-d8aa-4ff5-b32c-296976aec706

You can download them using:

    gtdownload -vv -c gnos.pem https://gtrepo-dkfz.annailabs.com/cghub/data/analysis/download/c8101044-89bf-445a-892e-1f3ae8c7cc98
    gtdownload -vv -c gnos.pem https://gtrepo-dkfz.annailabs.com/cghub/data/analysis/download/32749c9f-d8aa-4ff5-b32c-296976aec706

## Building

Once you have the above `Roddy` directory moved to the `docker/dkfz_dockered_workflows` directory you can build the Docker image.  The data bundle is actually pulled into this container at runtime.

    docker build -t pancancer/dkfz_dockered_workflows .

Commit message:

Attempt to have Roddy run as a non-root user

dkfz_dockered_workflows/README.md, after:

# Developers - Building the Image

You need to build this Docker container since it contains restricted access code.  A pre-created version currently can't be found on DockerHub due to this limitation.

## Dependency Bundles

You need to download two controlled access bundles in order to build

Contains a dockerfile and several helper scripts to build and run the DKFZ workflows.

The Roddy binary is located in GNOS:
https://gtrepo-dkfz.annailabs.com/cghub/data/analysis/download/c8101044-89bf-445a-892e-1f3ae8c7cc98

The DKFZ dependency bundle is also located in GNOS:
https://gtrepo-dkfz.annailabs.com/cghub/data/analysis/download/32749c9f-d8aa-4ff5-b32c-296976aec706

There are two files that need to be modified in the Roddy binary. applicationPropertiesAllLocal.ini and applicationProperties.ini both specify the root user. They need to be changed to the roddy user to run roddy not as the root user. 

You can download them using:

    gtdownload -vv -c gnos.pem https://gtrepo-dkfz.annailabs.com/cghub/data/analysis/download/c8101044-89bf-445a-892e-1f3ae8c7cc98
    gtdownload -vv -c gnos.pem https://gtrepo-dkfz.annailabs.com/cghub/data/analysis/download/32749c9f-d8aa-4ff5-b32c-296976aec706

## Building

Once you have the above `Roddy` directory moved to the `docker/dkfz_dockered_workflows` directory you can build the Docker image.  The data bundle is actually pulled into this container at runtime.

    docker build -t pancancer/dkfz_dockered_workflows .
